Congratulations! You completed
another section in this course.
Take a minute to think
about what you've achieved.
You learned a lot in this section.
Let's recap what we covered.
In this section, you utilized the command
line to communicate with the OS.
Part of this was using commands for
navigating and managing the file system.
And you used other commands for
authenticating and authorizing users.
These are all tasks that a security
analyst is likely to encounter.
Finally, you learned about
accessing resources that support
learning new Linux commands.
With this knowledge, you'll be
able to continue learning more and
more about using the command line.
We did it!
we learned how to communicate with Linux.
That's a great accomplishment, and
one that will be very useful to you
in your career as a security analyst.
You should be proud of the work
that you've done so far.